are one of you to Beijing persuade here
here with another deck profile top
almost top eight you got ninth right
yeah he got that ninth place played
against a pinko and the guys drew mere
match is more pure minds are fact and we
drew game two and he got a pin you guys
I gotta let's go to the deck profile man
facing the 323 once you've been
artifacts yeah so let's provide it with
Aaron he's my teammate and we will agree
to and be fine come on Megan for combos
definitely three more time and I do the
audio tech ok so I get just call most so
good it adds so much fussing and then
bring five for these no target like it
just uses people but I even see the
process of the munitions nice yeah this
is so much today with them so teller are
up i and i'm really threw him in last
night i came in last night in last night
yeah everyone to play a sections last
format yeah to so hard i think threes
party but a call skill chart no more so
charred i'm bored it'll only take so
many more Skills a place to watch over
her own ax and 22 alpha which is insane
yeah the card I didn't draw it all today
alpha I wish I didn't actually that
night three sanctum three wiretap I feel
like the mirror you know and wins the
change hitting on out no but whatever
it's called this same card yes where
great breakthrough because at all yeah I
don't want to how do i get under windows
in tennis and only one of nice naughty
morning cards in the maid yes 40 all
right gifting a side Baker Exeter all
right first all right this card its
greatness Beaufort lowers remember that
people will be as your wicked old days
yeah it's random but it worked yes
hunter Omega amaral diamond dire to
Costel I just like the one I spy one I
went into a couple times son I art
ladies because I can you know because
the ignition sub 0 and every time I
activate Nisshin next turn i was
probably gonna take place yeah I made
this once per game so I'm going to put
it in guys Rap City too good I may just
think of all day long I'm sure d oh yeah
and like I can get people to like
portable time to turn yeah particularly
since time to change to the weather and
then the cowboy cowboy yeah we won the
game 2 against Nico oh and uh it fast
aside a real quick vdd crow for the
we're that's too good this curly oh yeah
obvious in this d cuz I'll think the two
missions would be enough burnt my UV oh
yeah traps down
Brady prisons in a romantic accent
lighting inspire kings oh jeez that
pertain what come true yeah that ended
into frozen soup and then all I
Shadowmere because I think that's a
staple son nice man so close yet so far
away but you did good night so congrats
bro place yeah all right thanks for neck
performing yeah no problem